chore: clarify funding in All the Things page (#1491)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/medic/onboarding/all-the-things.md

* Reach out to Internal Operations team for guidance on how to submit expenses and get refunded. When submitting expenses, follow up to make sure things get through.  

#### Funding

> Our organization relies on both restricted and unrestricted funds to support our mission. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medic relies on both restricted and unrestricted funds to support our mission. 
```

> * Restricted funds are designated for specific programs or projects, ensuring that donor intent is fulfilled. To ensure the timely release of our restricted funding, accurate and on-time submission of ClickTime timesheets is crucial. These records provide essential data for financial reporting. Please prioritize submitting your timesheets monthly and contact the finance team for any assistance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Restricted funds are designated for specific programs or projects, ensuring that funder intent is fulfilled. To ensure the timely release of our restricted funding, accurate and on-time submission of ClickTime timesheets is crucial. These records provide essential data for financial reporting. Please prioritize submitting your timesheets monthly and contact the finance team for any assistance.
```

> * Restricted funds are designated for specific programs or projects, ensuring that funder intent is fulfilled. To ensure the timely release of our restricted funding, accurate and on-time submission of ClickTime timesheets is crucial. These records provide essential data for financial reporting. Please prioritize submitting your timesheets monthly and contact the finance team for any assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Restricted funds are designated for specific programs or projects, ensuring that funder intent is fulfilled. To ensure the timely payment of restricted funding, accurate and on-time submission of ClickTime timesheets is crucial. These records provide essential data for financial reporting. Please prioritize submitting your timesheets monthly and contact the finance team for any assistance.
```

> * Unrestricted funds provide the flexibility to address urgent needs, cover operational costs, and seize new opportunities to advance our cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unrestricted funds provide the flexibility to address urgent needs, cover operational costs, and seize new opportunities to advance Medic's mission.
```
